fix(core): Add a new parameter `worker_event_max_payload` to kong.conf (#11214)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

#### Core

- **worker_events**: Support specifying the payload size the worker_events can accept. 

>   Default is 64k, the max allowed size is 16M Bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Default is 64KB, the max allowed size is 16MB.
```

>   [#11214](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/11214)

Reviewer: Need a version bump entry in `Dependencies`

  [#11090](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/11090)
- Remove kong branding from kong HTML error template.
  [#11150](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/11150)

> - `lua-resty-events` has been bumped to version 0.2.0.

Reviewer: should not be here. please refer to: https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/11203/files
